# Flutter Introduction

I'm **Đức Hoàng**, a **Software Engineering** graduate from FPT University, passionate about **mobile** development. I have **7 months of real-world experience** from company projects and personal builds using **_Flutter with BLoC, Firebase (Auth, Firestore, Cloud Messaging), SQLite, WebRTC/LiveKit, QR scanning, and RESTful/GraphQL APIs_**. I've worked on apps like QuanQuen (restaurant reservation), a ToDo app with multi-device offline/online sync, e-commerce apps, and management tools with video streaming. I’m eager to grow in a professional team and aim to become a **senior Flutter developer**.

---

Firstly,  i want to introduce my name. My Vietnamese name is **Nguyễn Đức Hoàng** but you can call me **Julian** - that's my English name for a better communication. About my learning, I graduated in **IT** from **FPT University, HCM** in June 2024 with a major in **Software Engineering**. 

I am passionate about **mobile development**, especially with Flutter and currently have around **7 months of real-world experience in Flutter** from company projects. I also spent months building personal projects for learning and practicing. Those projects have given me exp in **_state management with BLoC, Firebase (Auth, Firestore, Cloud Messaging), SQLite / Shared Pref, WebRTC/LiveKit, QR scanning, and RESTful/GraphQL APIs_**. I’ve worked on apps like **QuanQuen (restaurant reservation)**, a **ToDo app with multi-device offline/online sync**, e-commerce apps, and management systems.

Beside my Flutter experience, I also have my background skills in backend and web development. I have experience with **Java Spring Boot, NodeJS, ExpressJS** and databases like **PostgreSQL, MySQL, and Firestore** to build APIs. And with **ReactJS, Vite** for building responsive web applications. These skills help me understand the whole process of building a product from frontend to backend.

Apart from all my technical skills, I am a person who is always eager to learn new technologies and improve my skills. I want to be in professional team to grow and develop my career path. My goal is to become a **senior Flutter developer** in the near future. I believe that with my experience and problem-solving mindset and discipline in work, I can contribute positively to your team and the company.

